A blog post that updates the community about the website redesign (#598)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-04-09-update-ember-websites.md

The [master project board](https://github.com/orgs/ember-learn/projects/39) shows, roughly, the order in which we plan to do the rest of the work: 

- Blog
- Guides
- API Docs
- Deprecation App
- Help Wanted
- Ember CLI Guides

Along the way, it's likely that new component work will be needed in the ember-styleguide addon, especially with regard to additional component design and documentation.

After that, we'll move on to implementing some fine-tuning and extra polish to any of the sites that have been finished, since at that point we anticipate that a few gaps may have appeared that need to be addressed. 

<!--alex ignore just-->
Now, while this is the plan for the website strike team, this project still follows our general community guidelines for contributing- if someone has particular energy for a subset of this work, then they should contribute to that as they are able. No one will be asked to shift their focus or work on something different. It just might be a while before we can really review the PR, so don't be discouraged by that! 

> I hope this quick update has helped clarify the plan and helped you identify places where you can get involved if you want to! The website strike team meets every Thursday morning, so if you want to come join in, you're more than welcome to do so!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I hope this quick update has helped clarify the plan and helped you identify places where you can get involved if you want to! The website strike team meets every Thursday at [14:30 UTC](https://meetingzone.app/utc/thursday/1430), so if you want to come join in, you're more than welcome to do so! And you can always ask us any questions in the `#st-website` channel on Discord. 
```

---
title: Update: The Ember Website

> author: Melanie Sumner & Chris Manson

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
author: Melanie Sumner, Chris Manson
```

I think this will fix the build (am about to send off the Times so was checking the PR's on here, ignore if not helpful!)
